2023-03-27 17:52:30.554845 +0200 CEST m=+0.827918626

POSTS:
Who's Hiring? - March 2023
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/11fijrn/whos_hiring_march_2023/
Go GUI vs. Browser
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/123fkup/go_gui_vs_browser/
End to end example API written in Go
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/123ke83/end_to_end_example_api_written_in_go/
OpenBLAS bindings for Go
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/123oswj/openblas_bindings_for_go/
What is the default timezone for Goâ€™s log package? (For logged messages)
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/123d1c3/what_is_the_default_timezone_for_gos_log_package/
JSON array with two different json objects
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/123nud0/json_array_with_two_different_json_objects/
Which CPU to buy based on profiling
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/123dsx0/which_cpu_to_buy_based_on_profiling/
tint: ðŸŒˆ slog.Handler that writes tinted logs
https://github.com/lmittmann/tint
Kivi - Distributed dynamo-style database for educational purposes written in Go
https://github.com/maxpoletaev/kivi
6 ways to boost the performance of your Go applications
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/122jnay/6_ways_to_boost_the_performance_of_your_go/
Where exactly should I put my golang interface at?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/123h3m9/where_exactly_should_i_put_my_golang_interface_at/
Web Development em Go - Parte 07 - Block vs Template #golang #webdevelopment (PT-BR)
https://youtube.com/watch?v=X9pQj6xWwjk&amp;feature=share
The Importance of gRPC Monitoring for High-Performance Systems
https://www.groundcover.com/blog/grpc-monitoring
Immutable references in Go?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/122yh0z/immutable_references_in_go/
shift: high-performance HTTP router for Go
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/122gzep/shift_highperformance_http_router_for_go/
How to get Profiling Right with Go?
https://blog.pickme.lk/how-to-get-profiling-right-with-go-813ff89d4757
Is this Automatic Pointer Dereferencing?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/122q6hd/is_this_automatic_pointer_dereferencing/
Host used for Reverse Proxy throwing 404
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/1236slo/host_used_for_reverse_proxy_throwing_404/
API load testing with gin gonic
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/122vtwt/api_load_testing_with_gin_gonic/
Tools besides Go for a newbie
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/122s8h5/tools_besides_go_for_a_newbie/
httputil.ReverseProxy: Director vs Rewrite
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/1234vyd/httputilreverseproxy_director_vs_rewrite/
new project with go - need inputs / boilerplate?
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/122srqt/new_project_with_go_need_inputs_boilerplate/
Best Practice: Callback Return Values
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/1232a1d/best_practice_callback_return_values/
Running into some trouble with gazelle and proto imports
https://old.reddit.com/r/AskProgramming/comments/12311jp/error_with_golang_bazelgazelle_and_proto_imports/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link
Database transaction management
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/122qv84/database_transaction_management/
My believe that Golang will grow in demand and how maybe this is ruining my pay increase
https://www.reddit.com/r/golang/comments/1221z1i/my_believe_that_golang_will_grow_in_demand_and/
